[Music]
well hi there get ready for 13 weird
things people believe in different
countries hmm
fear of the number four being happy
after stepping in dog poo never wearing
wet during a storm no these aren't some
strange tics but just a few examples of
superstitions that different nations
believe in want to find out about even
more fascinating and bizarre ones then
keep watching but before we set out on
this odd journey around the world go
ahead and hit that subscribe button and
ring the bell icon to join us on the
bright side number one Chinese people
avoid the number four now according to
Chinese traditions there are two groups
of numbers those that bring prosperity
and those that signal misfortune the
number four is part of the unlucky group
the reason why it's considered a bad
number is because in Chinese it sounds
really similar to the word death and
they take this superstition very
seriously
some buildings in East Asia don't have a
fourth floor and drivers there try to
stay as far away from license plates
with four in them as they can so if you
ever go to China you probably won't find
any trace of this number in the whole
country
and by the way fear and avoidance of the
number four is called tetra phobia there
will be a quiz at the end of the video
number two Swedish people don't put
their keys on the table so where do you
put your keys when you come home usually
on the table right well Swedish people
go to great lengths to make sure they
don't do so and that's because in their
culture setting keys on the table is
considered well really bad luck so even
today if you unknowingly put your keys
on the table your Swedish friend will
most likely hand them back to you or put
them someplace else
number three British people always say
rabbit rabbit on the first day of the
month really have you heard this every
nation has its own little rich Waltz for
good luck
cross your fingers knock on wood put
your finger up your nose and spin around
three times while reciting the
Declaration of Independence no hmm just
me anyway four people in the UK
apparently it's the phrase rabbit rabbit
the origin of this superstition is
unknown but the first mention of it
dates back to 1922 according to it you
have to say the word rabbit three times
in a row first thing in the morning on
the first day of the month if you do
exactly so you'll get a present before
the end of the month
this ritual changed over time and now
people believe that saying rabbit just
two times is enough to attract good luck
in your life so who knows maybe we
should all try this trick out next month
you first
[Music]
number four oops except for you Chinese
people Italians try not to spill olive
oil
forget about spilling salt
it's your olive oil that you have to be
careful with in Italy Italians believe
that accidentally spilling olive oil
will bring bad luck and misery the
explanation for this seemingly weird
superstition is pretty logical years ago
olive oil was a really expensive and
hard to get luxury item that only a few
Italians could afford so the idea of
wasting even a drop of this pricey
possession scared people with time this
fear turned into a superstition that's
still pretty common among the population
number five Koreans never give their
partners shoes though you can still give
Dobby a sock if you have a Korean
boyfriend or girlfriend one thing is
certain they'll never buy you a new pair
of shoes and it's not because they don't
love you
it's just that they're afraid of losing
you this popular superstition states
that giving your significant other shoes
as a gift will make them run away from
you in those very shoes the same thing
goes for clocks and watches they're
believed to bring bad luck to whoever
you give them to since the pronunciation
of the phrase give a clock in Korea is
almost the same as sending someone off
at a Funeral so if this is true you
should never buy someone the farm either
[Music]
number six Icelanders believe that
knitting outside prolongs winter Iceland
is a magnificent country that rarely
treats its citizens to warm weather so
it's only natural that Icelanders would
want the cold to go away sooner than
later
and that's exactly why Icelandic
superstition forbids knitting on your
doorstep during winter
otherwise you'll prolong the cold season
so if you're ever visiting Iceland in
the winter you better keep your knitting
indoors number seven Japanese people
never sleep facing north no matter how
tired they are a Japanese person will
never fall asleep with their head facing
north as for the explanation is pretty
grim at funerals in Japan the casket is
always positioned with the deceased head
to the north
that's why Japanese people are extremely
careful when setting up beds in their
homes since sleeping in this direction
is believed to bring bad luck and
constant misfortunes number eight
Germans often knock on the table in a
pub if you ever meet up with your German
buddy in a pub don't be surprised if you
see them knocking on the table two times
before sitting down this is an ancient
German tradition that some people still
hold on to you see some time ago all pub
tables were made of oak which was
believed to be a holy tree that no evil
can touch from that moment on
German started to knock on this holy
wood to assure their friends that
they're actually themselves and not some
evil spirit who's taken over their soul
and body of course these days this
superstition isn't as strong as it was
before but you can still see some
Germans knocking on the table as a
greeting
and of course that means the other
people not knocking on wood are in fact
possessed number nine
French people consider stepping in dog
poop lucky now you heard right lucky not
unlucky well there's a catch with this
French superstition because it can go
either way for you simply speaking
people in France believe that stepping
in dog poop with your left foot means
that good luck awaits you after you
clean the poo off your shoes of course
but if you step in it with your right
foot your future may not be so bright
the French are sure that this signifies
a life full of despair so yeah be
careful where you're putting that right
foot of yours
[Music]
number ten Filipinos never wear red
during storms the Philippines faces its
fair share of tropical storms and even
has certain superstitions connected to
it the most popular one states that you
should avoid wearing red during a storm
given that it's believed to attract
lightning which can easily strike one to
death in any other situation though
filipinos enjoy this bold color just as
much as the next person
so I can hear the weather caster now 75
percent chance of storms tomorrow zero
percent chance of red number 11
Norwegians never whistle towards the Sun
well that makes sense
in most cultures around the world
whistling is connected with either joy
or financial loss in Norway though it's
all about nature and the weather
Norwegians believe that when you whistle
in the direction of the Sun you
basically tempt fate and call the rain
and who wants a perfectly sunny day to
turn into a rainy storm so when in
Norway don't test the patience of people
who genuinely believe in this
superstition and avoid whistling towards
the Sun number 12 Russians never give
yellow flowers to their loved ones how
would you feel if someone gave you
yellow flowers they're so bright and
uplifting right well people from Russia
couldn't disagree with you more
they believed that yellow flowers
signify separation and divorce this
superstition comes from an ancient
legend about a sheikh who returned home
from a military campaign just to find
out that one of his wives one of his
wives had been unfaithful during his
absence forget the double standard here
and just play along so he placed a red
rose in her bed and the next morning it
had turned yellow and to this day yellow
flowers are a symbol of cheating and
breakups for people in Russia
[Music]
number thirteen Spanish people eat 12
grapes on New Year's Eve if you're
looking for a cool New Year tradition
why not celebrate like they do in Spain
the Spanish eat one grape with each bell
strike at midnight on New Year's Eve
going into New Year's Day they do this
to ensure that the following year will
bring them prosperity and happiness the
practice dates back to 1895 but became
fully established only in 1909 you
really should give it a try since it's
not easy to gulp down a grape on each
chime it always leads to fun family
competitions and genuine laughs what a
great way to start the new year right
just don't choke on your lucky grapes
and finally here's the quiz I mentioned
what is the fear and avoidance of the
number 4 called
[Music]
that's right tetracycline or something
like that hey do you know any other
weird superstitions from around the
world like in the US with a missing 13th
floor in buildings tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life or something
like that
you